MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Breck Foundation Impact Intelligence Project
JP Morgan Data for Good Hackathon 2025 - Top 3 Finalist

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

This project was developed as part of the JP Morgan Data for Good Hackathon
2025 in support of the Breck Foundation's mission to keep young people safe
online through cyber safety education.

BRECK FOUNDATION
The Breck Foundation empowers the digital generation to be smart and safe
online. For more information, visit: https://www.breckfoundation.org

JP MORGAN DATA FOR GOOD
This hackathon project demonstrates the power of data science and technology
applied to social impact challenges facing nonprofit organizations.

---

DATA USAGE NOTE

This repository contains code and analytical frameworks. The underlying data
from the Breck Foundation's programs is not included for privacy reasons.
Users wishing to apply these tools to their own datasets should ensure they
have appropriate permissions and comply with all relevant data protection
regulations (GDPR, etc.).
